Add intros and descriptions to Zoe indexes (#177)
Agoric/documentation: main/zoe/guide/contracts/README.md

<Zoe-Version/>

While Zoe provides the means to build custom smart contracts, there is a good chance you will want to use one that follows a commonly-used structure. Therefore, we currently provide five pre-built contracts that can be imported and run on Zoe:

- [Atomic Swap](./atomic-swap) - A basic trade of digital assets between two parties.
- [Autoswap (an implementation of Uniswap v1)](./autoswap) - A swap that automatically executes upon finding a match in the current liquidity pool.
- [Covered Call](./covered-call) - This type of contract oversees the sale and execution of a call option.

> - [Second-price Auction](./second-price-auction) - An auction in which the highest bidder wins and pays the second-highest bid. This version is public, therefore, it should not be used in production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Second-price Auction](./second-price-auction) - An auction in which the highest bidder wins and pays the second-highest bid. This version doesn't conceal the bids (an essential aspect of second price auctions), therefore, it should not be used in production.
```
